FAQ update - relatedness (#23)
AlGepe/OmniSnippets_JS: docs/generalTips/textStructure/faq/relatedness.rst

Relatedness to Omni
-------------------

While this is unfortunately not an easily quantifiable variable, there are some guidelines to follow. Google has its own database about every website and what they are authoritative on. If a website writes about something Google thinks it knows a lot about, it will be more likely to get a Featured Snippet. Therefore, it is good to think about **what Omni provides that other websites don't**. In general, this boils down to one thing, **how to calculate things**! Therefore, good questions tend to be about:

* How do I calculate/convert this thing?
* What is the answer to this specific calculation/question?

Most of our Featured Snippets tend to be some variation on these two points, so **you are required to include at least one of each in every calculator**. Some examples of the former include:

* How do I estimate the heat index? 
* How do I find shear wave velocity?
* How do I do partial products by hand?

And for the latter:

* What is the midpoint of 30 and 60?
* What are the partial products of 123 × 45?
* What is the sum of digits from 1 to 1000?

> Some questions combine the two, e.g., "How do I calculate a 30% margin?". In this case, you can use it as one of either category. For more questions, sorted by their successfulness, click here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GLstb9Psgw0AjuKaX-dhoD7CghbOyJPNlT2jlP7vzNc/edit#gid=1617440575.

Reviewer: Instead of a ugly naked link, put :

```suggestion
Some questions combine the two, e.g., "How do I calculate a 30% margin?". In this case, you can use it as one of either category. For more questions, sorted by their successfulness, `click here <https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1GLstb9Psgw0AjuKaX-dhoD7CghbOyJPNlT2jlP7vzNc/edit#gid=1617440575>`_.

```

Author: Thanks

> You are required to write at least four FAQs for each calculator, and while you should try to write all four about the two topic mentioned above, this isn't always possible or desirable. Sometimes its better for the user to have a term explained in the FAQ section, or perhaps you'd like to talk about an interesting topic that doesn't deserve its own section in the text. You are free to write about what you want, but try to remember that **FAQs are a way for the user to answer any relevant questions he might have.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are required to write at least four FAQs for each calculator, and while you should try to write all four about the two topics mentioned above, this isn't always possible or desirable. Sometimes it's better for the user to have a term explained in the FAQ section, or perhaps you'd like to talk about an interesting topic that doesn't deserve its own section in the text. You are free to write about what you want, but try to remember that **FAQs are a way for the user to answer any relevant questions they might have.**

```
